Refactor(eos_designs)!: Configure management_eapi only when it is enabled (#5904)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/6.x.x.md

-   type: l2ls
```

### `management_eapi` will take effect only when it is explicitly enabled

In previous versions, `management_eapi.enabled` was `true` by default.

> In AVD 6.0, this key should be set to true to set `management api http-commands` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### eAPI is not enabled by default anymore in eos_designs

In previous versions, `management_eapi.enabled` was `true` by default.

In AVD 6.0, this is not the case anymore and eAPI needs to be explicitly enabled as follows:
```

```diff
management_eapi:
+ enabled: true
  enable_https: true
```

> ### `mgmt_ip` or `ipv6_mgmt_ip` is required when using the default value of `management_eapi.vrfs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A management IP or IPv6 is now required to enable eAPI when `default_mgmt_method: oob`
```

Before AVD 6.x, it was not mandatory to set `mgmt_ip` or `ipv6_mgmt_ip` when using the default value of `management_eapi.vrfs`.

> This has changed in AVD 6.0, `mgmt_ip` or `ipv6_mgmt_ip` must be set when using the default value of `mangement_eapi.vrfs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before AVD 6.x, it was possible to enable eAPI without setting `mgmt_ip` or `ipv6_mgmt_ip` when the default management method was set to out-of-band (which is the default) `default_mgmt_method: oob` and `management_eapi.vrfs` was not set.

Starting AVD 6.0, enabling eAPI when the default management method is set to `oob` and `management_eapi.vrfs` is not set will raise an error if neither `mgmt_ip` nor `ipv6_mgmt_ip` are defined.
```

Reviewer: @laxmikantchintakindi please don't apply these now I will discuss them with other folks :)

Below changes should be noted to migrate to AVD 6.0 without errors.

```diff
type: l2leaf

management_eapi:

> + enabled: true #This must be set for management_eapi to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ enabled: true # This must be set for management_eapi to take effect.
```
